Mention newline-escaping in template literal (#35193)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/template_literals/index.md

// string text line 2"
```

> The spread a single line across multiple lines (for readability during development), you can escape the newline by using a backslash (`\`) at the end of the line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like [normal string literals](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#escape_sequences), you can write a single-line string across multiple lines for source code readability, by escaping the newline with a backslash (`\`):
```
